Add Azure DevOps Code Example Issue #2562 (#235)
astronomer/docs: cloud/stable/03_deploy/06_ci-cd.md

        registry: registry.gcp0001.us-east4.astronomer.io
```

## Azure DevOps

> The following example uses Azure Key Vault to store secretes as varible groups avalible to the pipeline.

Reviewer: @sunkickr Maybe rephrase to:

```suggestion
This example uses [Azure Key Vault](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/key-vault/) to store secrets as variable groups that are then made available to all DAGs within an Airflow Deployment on Astronomer.
```

Reviewer: Where does this yaml script go?

Author: The azure key vault secrets are made available to azure DevOps which has the yaml code that runs the pipeline

```yaml
trigger:
- main

pool:
  vmImage: 'ubuntu-latest'
 
variables:
- group: Variable-Group
- group: Key-Vault-Group
steps:
- script: |
    echo "Building container.."

>     docker build -t registry.gcp0001.us-east4.astronomer.io/extraterrestrial-aperature-9667/airflow:$CI_PIPELINE_IID .

Reviewer: Typo on `$CI_PIPELINE_IID .`? Should it be `$ CI_PIPELINE_ID`? Is the `.` there correct?

Author: The `.` is needed because the image is held in a remote repository

Reviewer: Two `I`s in `IID`?

Author: The second I isn't needed I can take it out

>     docker login registry.gcp0001.us-east4.astronomer.io -u _ -p $(SERVICE-ACCOUNT-KEY)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    docker login registry.gcp0001.us-east4.astronomer.io -u _ -p $(DEPLOYMENT-SERVICE-ACCOUNT-KEY)
```

Author: I'll make this change

    docker push registry.gcp0001.us-east4.astronomer.io/extraterrestrial-aperature-9667/airflow:$CI_PIPELINE_IID

```

> > **Note:** Make sure to replace `infrared-photon-7780` in the example above with your deployment's release name and to store your Service Account Key in your GitHub repo's secrets according to [this GitHub guide]( https://help.github.com/en/articles/virtual-environments-for-github-actions#creating-and-using-secrets-encrypted-variables).

Reviewer: @sunkickr This "Note" re: `infrared-photon-7780` belongs under the `## GitHub Actions CI/CD` header. Can you pull it back up there?

Author: I can fix this
